<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Managed Redis Terraform Module

This Terraform module deploys **Azure Managed Redis** (standalone cache service) instances on Azure.

## Features

- Deploy Azure Managed Redis with Basic, Standard, or Premium SKUs
- Support for high availability (Premium SKU)
- Configurable Redis settings (maxmemory policies, authentication, etc.)
- Optional private endpoints
- Management locks and RBAC role assignments
- Network isolation with VNET integration (Premium SKU)
- Backup and persistence options (Premium SKU)
- Availability zones support

## Usage

```hcl
module "redis" {
  source  = "Azure/avm-res-cache-redisenterprise/azurerm"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  location            = "eastus"
  name                = "myredis"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  resource_group_id   = azurerm_resource_group.example.id

  managed_redis_databases = {
    default = {
      sku_name = "Standard"
      family   = "C"
      capacity = 1

      redis_configuration = {
        maxmemory_policy       = "volatile-lru"
        authentication_enabled = true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_managed_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint.this_unmanaged_dns_zone_groups](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) (resource)
- [azurerm_private_endpoint_application_security_group_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint_application_security_group_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Redis Enterprise cache.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_high_availability"></a> [enable\_high\_availability](#input\_enable\_high\_availability)

Description: Indicates whether high availability is enabled.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_managed_redis_databases"></a> [managed\_redis\_databases](#input\_managed\_redis\_databases)

Description: Map of Azure Managed Redis cache instances.

Each database object supports the following attributes:

**Required:**
- `sku_name` - The SKU name of the Redis cache. Possible values are Basic, Standard, Premium.
- `family` - The SKU family/pricing group. Valid values are C (Basic/Standard) and P (Premium).
- `capacity` - The size of the Redis cache to deploy. Valid values depend on the SKU family (0-6).

**Optional:**
- `enable_non_ssl_port` - Enable the non-SSL port (6379). Defaults to false.
- `minimum_tls_version` - The minimum TLS version. Possible values are 1.0, 1.1, 1.2. Defaults to 1.2.
- `public_network_access` - Whether public network access is allowed. Possible values are Enabled and Disabled. Defaults to Enabled.
- `replicas_per_master` - The number of replicas per master (deprecated, use replicas\_per\_primary).
- `replicas_per_primary` - The number of replicas per primary.
- `shard_count` - The number of shards to create on a Premium Cluster Cache.
- `static_ip` - The static IP address to assign to the Redis cache.
- `subnet_id` - The subnet ID for the Redis cache (Premium SKU only).
- `tenant_settings` - A mapping of tenant settings to assign to the resource.
- `zones` - A list of availability zones where the Redis cache should be located.
- `tags` - Tags to assign to the Redis cache.

`redis_configuration` block supports the following:
- `maxmemory_policy` - The maxmemory policy for the Redis cache.
- `maxmemory_reserved` - The maxmemory reserved value.
- `maxmemory_delta` - The maxmemory delta value.
- `maxfragmentationmemory_reserved` - The maxfragmentationmemory reserved value.
- `rdb_backup_enabled` - Indicates whether RDB backup is enabled (Premium SKU only).
- `rdb_backup_frequency` - The RDB backup frequency in minutes.
- `rdb_backup_max_snapshot_count` - The maximum number of RDB snapshots to keep.
- `rdb_storage_connection_string` - The storage connection string for RDB backups.
- `aof_backup_enabled` - Indicates whether AOF backup is enabled (Premium SKU only).
- `aof_storage_connection_string_0` - The first storage connection string for AOF backups.
- `aof_storage_connection_string_1` - The second storage connection string for AOF backups.
- `authentication_enabled` - Indicates whether authentication is enabled. Defaults to true.

`timeouts` block supports the following:
- `create` - Timeout for create operations.
- `delete` - Timeout for delete operations.
- `read` - Timeout for read operations.
- `update` - Timeout for update operations.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    sku_name              = string
    family                = string
    capacity              = number
    enable_non_ssl_port   = optional(bool, false)
    minimum_tls_version   = optional(string, "1.2")
    public_network_access = optional(string, "Enabled")
    redis_configuration = optional(object({
      maxmemory_policy                = optional(string)
      maxmemory_reserved              = optional(number)
      maxmemory_delta                 = optional(number)
      maxfragmentationmemory_reserved = optional(number)
      rdb_backup_enabled              = optional(bool)
      rdb_backup_frequency            = optional(number)
      rdb_backup_max_snapshot_count   = optional(number)
      rdb_storage_connection_string   = optional(string)
      aof_backup_enabled              = optional(bool)
      aof_storage_connection_string_0 = optional(string)
      aof_storage_connection_string_1 = optional(string)
      authentication_enabled          = optional(bool, true)
    }))
    replicas_per_master  = optional(number)
    replicas_per_primary = optional(number)
    shard_count          = optional(number)
    static_ip            = optional(string)
    subnet_id            = optional(string)
    tenant_settings      = optional(map(string))
    zones                = optional(list(string))
    tags                 = optional(map(string))
    timeouts = optional(object({
      create = optional(string)
      delete = optional(string)
      read   = optional(string)
      update = optional(string)
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `redis_cache_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the specific Redis cache to connect to. If not specified, will use the first Redis cache from the managed\_redis\_databases map.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of this resource.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    redis_cache_id                          = optional(string, null)
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The resource ID of the delegated managed identity to assign the role to.
- `principal_type` - The type of principal to assign the role to. Possible values are 'ServicePrincipal' and 'User'.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description: Optional Redis Enterprise cluster SKU configuration. Only required if deploying Redis Enterprise infrastructure.

- `capacity` - This property is only used with Enterprise and EnterpriseFlash SKUs. Determines the size of the cluster. Valid values are (2, 4, 6, ...) for Enterprise SKUs and (3, 9, 15, ...) for EnterpriseFlash SKUs.
- `name` - The level of Redis Enterprise cluster to deploy. Possible values: ('Balanced\_B5', 'MemoryOptimized\_M10', 'ComputeOptimized\_X5', etc.). For more information on SKUs see the latest pricing documentation. Note that additional SKUs may become supported in the future.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    capacity = optional(number)
    name     = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description:  - `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Redis Enterprise cache.
 - `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Redis Enterprise cache.
 - `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Redis Enterprise cache.
 - `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Redis Enterprise cache.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_managed_redis_caches"></a> [managed\_redis\_caches](#output\_managed\_redis\_caches)

Description: A map of all Azure Managed Redis cache instances created by this module.

### <a name="output_managed_redis_resource_ids"></a> [managed\_redis\_resource\_ids](#output\_managed\_redis\_resource\_ids)

Description: A map of Azure Managed Redis cache resource IDs.

### <a name="output_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#output\_private\_endpoints)

Description:   A map of the private endpoints created.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_managed_redis"></a> [managed\_redis](#module\_managed\_redis)

Source: ./modules/managed_redis

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->