<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Managed Redis Cache Sub-module

This sub-module creates individual Azure Managed Redis (Azure Cache for Redis) instances using the AzAPI provider.

## Features

- Supports Basic, Standard, and Premium SKUs
- Configurable Redis settings (maxmemory policies, authentication, etc.)
- Network configuration including VNET integration (Premium)
- High availability with replicas (Premium)
- Sharding support (Premium)
- Backup and persistence options (Premium)
- Availability zones support
- TLS version configuration
- Public/private network access control

## Usage

This module is called internally by the parent module and should not typically be used directly:

```terraform
module "managed_redis" {
  source = "./modules/managed_redis"

  name              = "myredis"
  location          = "eastus"
  resource_group_id = azurerm_resource_group.example.id

  sku_name = "Standard"
  family   = "C"
  capacity = 1

  redis_configuration = {
    maxmemory_policy       = "volatile-lru"
    authentication_enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.3.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The Azure region where the Redis cache will be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Azure Managed Redis cache.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name)

Description: The SKU name for Azure Managed Redis. Valid values: Balanced\_B0, Balanced\_B1, Balanced\_B3, Balanced\_B5, Memory-Optimized\_M10, Memory-Optimized\_M20, Compute-Optimized\_X5, etc.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_non_ssl_port"></a> [enable\_non\_ssl\_port](#input\_enable\_non\_ssl\_port)

Description: Enable non-SSL port (6379). If false, uses encrypted protocol. If true, uses plaintext protocol.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_minimum_tls_version"></a> [minimum\_tls\_version](#input\_minimum\_tls\_version)

Description: The minimum TLS version for the Redis Enterprise cluster.

Type: `string`

Default: `"1.2"`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: Tags to assign to the Redis cache.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: The timeouts for creating, reading, updating, and deleting the database resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_database"></a> [database](#output\_database)

Description: The full Redis Enterprise database resource.

### <a name="output_database_id"></a> [database\_id](#output\_database\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Redis Enterprise database.

### <a name="output_hostname"></a> [hostname](#output\_hostname)

Description: The hostname of the Redis Enterprise database.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The full Redis Enterprise cluster resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->